#summary How to install and use Zen Coding for TopStyle 4.0
= Installation =
== Automatic installation ==
 * Close TopStyle
 * Run install.cmd<br>*WARNING:* All your auto replacement rules will be overwritten by Zen CSS rules during installation!

== Manual installation ==
 * Close TopStyle
 * Copy files from "templates" folder to:<br>*Windows XP:*	\Documents and Settings\%USERNAME%\Application Data\Bradsoft.com\TopStyle\4.0<br>*Windows Vista, 7:* 	\Users\%USERNAME%\AppData\Roaming\Bradsoft.com\TopStyle\4.0
*WARNING:* All your auto replacement rules will be overwritten by Zen CSS rules during installation!

== How to define shortcut to Zen Coding ==
Unfortunately, the only way to define hotkey for Zen Coding plugin is to add it to Quick Insert menu.
To do this:
 # Open Clip library (View->Panels->Clip library) 
 # Right-click on the white space in the library and select "Configure Quick Insert"
 # Select HTML Toolbar from the dropdown on the left
 # Add "Zen HTML" to Quick Insert panel.
Now you can use Ctrl-Q for quick access Zen Coding.

= <br> =
= Using plugin =
== Using Zen CSS ==
 # Type Zen CSS alias [http://code.google.com/p/zen-coding/wiki/ZenCSSPropertiesRu].
 # Press SPACE or TAB.
*Known Issue:* You cannot use aliases that contains symbols "@" or ":".

== Using Zen HTML ==
 # Type Zen HTML alias [http://code.google.com/p/zen-coding/wiki/ZenHTMLSelectorsRu].
 # Select it.
 # If you added Zen Coding to Quick Insert menu press Ctrl-Q and then select Zen HTML from the list.<br>If not, open Zen Coding tab in HTML Toolbar and click on the Zen HTML icon.